2019-10-16 Automatically trigger notification on prompt display if the previous
command took more than four seconds to run? I could build this via
PROMPT_COMMAND. Not sure it's a great idea since I'd get notified whenever I
intentionally kill a long-running process I spawned interactively, but it would
be handy for all the times I kick off a build of X, Y, or Z and move on to
something else for a minute or two.

2019-03-11 Filter emails based on dumb keywords - if it contains the text
"Unsubscribe", there's a good chance I don't want to read it. Hat tip:
https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19328189

2019-02-11 Get High Sierra to wake / end screensaver on keyboard input. This
seems to be an unacknowledged bug, which can be worked around by giving each
external monitor its own Space (yuck):
https://apple.stackexchange.com/a/320402/307408

2018-02-16 Load expensive bash extensions (nvm, pyenv, etc) in background if
possible. I think you could probably abuse PROMPT_COMMAND to save "last
interaction time" and a sleeping poll loop to see when you're inactive then
kick off a load.

2017-12-18 Figure out how to use multiple password stores with pass (e.g., work
and personal). Turns out the answer is the built-in `-p`, which lets you
specify a different GPG key for a subfolder. Remaining questions: is there a
smart way to manage subfolders (so I can just check out my personal repo as a
subrepo or something), and can I get gpg-agent to expire some keys faster than
others?

2016-10-27 Figure out a way to get notified when third-party files are updated
(for instance, lib/git-svn.sh). A list of RSS feed URLs that install.sh
subscribes to is the obvious way, I guess, but arbitrary software doesn't
necessarily have an RSS feed for updates.

2013-06-26 Tweak my bash history setup based on this post:
http://www.talug.org/events/20030709/cmdline_history.html

2013-06-26 Figure out how to make git grep colorize output when being routed through a terminal.
